feat: Add more granular control over call parentheses (#330)
JohnnyMorganz/StyLua: README.md

| `indent_type` | `Tabs` | Type of indents to use. Possible options: `Tabs` or `Spaces`
| `indent_width` | `4` | The number of characters a single indent takes. If `indent_type` is set to `Tabs`, this option is used as a heuristic to determine column width only.
| `quote_style` | `AutoPreferDouble` | Types of quotes to use for string literals. Possible options: `AutoPreferDouble`, `AutoPreferSingle`, `ForceDouble`, `ForceSingle`. In `AutoPrefer` styles, we prefer the quote type specified, but fall back to the opposite if it leads to fewer escapes in the string. `Force` styles always use the style specified regardless of escapes.

> | `no_call_parentheses` (deprecated) | `false` | A style option added for adoption purposes. When enabled, parentheses are removed around function arguments where a single string literal/table is passed. Note: parentheses are still kept in some situations if removing them will make the syntax become obscure (e.g. `foo "bar".setup -> foo("bar").setup`, as we are indexing the call result, not the string). Note: this option has been deprecated use call_parentheses = "None" instead.

Reviewer: I would probably just remove this option from the README completely, as it is no longer relevant for new configs

> | `call_parentheses` | `Always` | Specify whether to apply parentheses on function calls with single string or table arg. Possible options:`Always`, `NoTable`, `None`].When call_parentheses is set to Always stylua applies call parentheses all the time. When set to NoTable it omits parentheses on function call with single table argument. And when it's None stylua omits parentheses on function call with single table or string argument (same as no_call_parentheses).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `call_parentheses` | `Always` | Specify whether to apply parentheses on function calls with a single string or table argument. Possible options: [`Always`, `NoTable`, `None`]. When `call_parentheses` is set to `Always`, StyLua applies call parentheses all the time. When set to `NoTable` it omits parentheses on function calls with a single table argument. And when it's `None` StyLua omits parentheses on function call with single table or string argument (originally as `no_call_parentheses`). Note: parentheses are still kept in some situations if removing them will make the syntax become obscure (e.g. `foo "bar".setup -> foo("bar").setup`, as we are indexing the call result, not the string).
```

indent_width = 4
quote_style = "AutoPreferDouble"

> no_call_parentheses = false

Reviewer: Could also remove this from the list
```suggestion
```
